Update docs (#4432)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/parameters.md

| `"model_version_policy"` | `json/string` | Optional. The model version policy lets you decide which versions of a model that the OpenVINO Model Server is to serve. By default, the server serves the latest version. One reason to use this argument is to control the server memory consumption.The accepted format is in json or string. Examples: <br> `{"latest": { "num_versions":2 }` <br> `{"specific": { "versions":[1, 3] } }` <br> `{"all": {} }` |
| `"plugin_config"` | `json/string`  |  List of device plugin parameters. For full list refer to [OpenVINO documentation](https://docs.openvino.ai/2026/documentation/compatibility-and-support/supported-devices.html) and [performance tuning guide](./performance_tuning.md). Example: <br> `{"PERFORMANCE_HINT": "LATENCY"}`  |
| `"nireq"` | `integer` | The size of internal request queue. When set to 0 or no value is set value is calculated automatically based on available resources.|

> | `"target_device"` | `string` | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"GPU"/"MULTI"/"HETERO"`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"target_device"` | `string` | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"GPU"/"NPU"/"HETERO"/"`. By default server selects the device with this priority: dGPU if present, iGPU if present, CPU. If several discrete GPUs are present, the one with most available VRAM will be selected. |
```

| Option                  | Value format | Description                                                                                                                                         |
|-------------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--configure`           | `NA`         | Runs in configure mode to create or update `graph.pbtxt` for a local model. Does not start the server.                                              |
| `--model_path`          | `string`     | Path to the local model directory where `graph.pbtxt` will be created.                                                                              |
| `--model_name`          | `string`     | Optional. Name of the model as exposed by the server.                                                                                               |
| `--task`                | `string`     | Task type for the model (`text_generation`, `embeddings`, `rerank`, `image_generation`, `text2speech`, `speech2text`). If not specified, automatically inferred from model metadata. |

> | `--target_device`       | `string`     | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"GPU"/"NPU"/"MULTI"/"HETERO"`. If not specified, auto-detected based on available devices. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--target_device`       | `string`     | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"GPU"/"NPU"/"HETERO"`. If not specified, auto-detected based on available devices. |
```

| `--source_model`            | `string`     | Name of the model in the Hugging Face repository. If not set, `model_name` is used.                           |
| `--model_repository_path`   | `string`     | Directory where all required model files will be saved.                                                       |
| `--model_name`              | `string`     | Name of the model as exposed externally by the server.                                                        |
| `--target_device`           | `string`     | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"GPU"/"MULTI"/"HETERO"`. If not specified, auto-detected based on available devices. |

> | `--task`                    | `string`     | Task type the model will support (`text_generation`, `embeddings`, `rerank`, `image_generation`, `text2speech`, `speech2text`). If not specified, automatically inferred from model metadata. |

Reviewer 2: maybe there should be links to  **Automatic task detection** and **Automatic target device detection** sections

| `--num_streams`           | `integer`    | The number of parallel execution streams to use for the model. Use at least 2 on 2 socket CPU systems. Default: 1. |

## Automatic task detection

When `--task` is not provided, the server automatically infers the generative task from model metadata. Detection is performed by a chain of detectors with the following priority:

> 

Reviewer: I think this logic is to complex to cover it in documentation. The code has this logic. Users don't need to care about those nuances in my opinion.
